Update docs (#88)
galaxyproject/galaxy-language-server: README.md

> Please note this is still a work in progress so **bugs and issues are expected**. If you find any, you are welcome to open a new [issue](https://github.com/galaxyproject/galaxy-language-server/issues).

# Table of Contents
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Using the Galaxy Language Server](#using-the-galaxy-language-server)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Features](#features)

>   - [Tag and attribute auto-completion ](#tag-and-attribute-auto-completion)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Tag and attribute auto-completion](#tag-and-attribute-auto-completion)
```

  - [Documentation on Hover](#documentation-on-hover)
  - [Document validation](#document-validation)
  - [Document auto-formatting](#document-auto-formatting)
  - [Tag auto-closing](#tag-auto-closing)
  - [Snippets](#snippets)
  - [Embedded syntax highlighting](#embedded-syntax-highlighting)

>   - [Auto-generate tests](#auto-generate-tests) *new feature!* :rocket:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Auto-generate tests](#auto-generate-tests). *New feature!* :rocket:
```

>   - [Auto-generate command section](#auto-generate-command-section) *new feature!* :rocket:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Auto-generate command section](#auto-generate-command-section). *New feature!* :rocket:
```

# Getting Started

## Using the Galaxy Language Server

> If you just want to use the Galaxy Language Server, the easiest option is to **install the VSCode extension** from the [Market](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=davelopez.galaxy-tools) or the [Open VSX registry](https://open-vsx.org/extension/davelopez/galaxy-tools). Additionally you can download the VSIX package from the [releases](https://github.com/galaxyproject/galaxy-language-server/releases) page and install it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you just want to use the Galaxy Language Server, the easiest option is to **install the VSCode extension** from the [Market](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=davelopez.galaxy-tools) or the [Open VSX registry](https://open-vsx.org/extension/davelopez/galaxy-tools). Additionally, you can download the VSIX package from the [releases](https://github.com/galaxyproject/galaxy-language-server/releases) page and install it manually.
```

## Contributing
If you are considering contributing, please read the [contribution guide](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md).

> To setup your development environment check [this guide](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#getting-started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup your development environment, please check [this guide](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#getting-started).
```

# Features
## Tag and attribute auto-completion 

![Demo feature auto-completion](../assets/feature.autocompletion.gif)

> The tags and attributes are suggested based on the [Galaxy.xsd](https://github.com/galaxyproject/galaxy/blob/dev/lib/galaxy/tool_util/xsd/galaxy.xsd) schema. They will appear in the same order that they are declared in the schema, so they can comply with the best practices recommendations defined in the [Galaxy IUC Standards Style Guide](https://galaxy-iuc-standards.readthedocs.io/en/latest/best_practices/tool_xml.html?#coding-style).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tags and attributes are suggested based on the [Galaxy.xsd](https://github.com/galaxyproject/galaxy/blob/dev/lib/galaxy/tool_util/xsd/galaxy.xsd) schema. They will appear in the same order as they are declared in the schema to comply with the best practices recommendations defined in the [Galaxy IUC Standards Style Guide](https://galaxy-iuc-standards.readthedocs.io/en/latest/best_practices/tool_xml.html?#coding-style).
```

## Documentation on Hover

![Demo feature hover documentation](../assets/feature.hover.documentation.gif)

The documentation of tags and attributes is retrieved from the [Galaxy.xsd](https://github.com/galaxyproject/galaxy/blob/dev/lib/galaxy/tool_util/xsd/galaxy.xsd) schema.
>Please note that some elements in the schema are still missing documentation. This will probably be improved over time.

## Document validation

![Demo feature validation](../assets/feature.validation.png)

The tools are also validated against the [Galaxy.xsd](https://github.com/galaxyproject/galaxy/blob/dev/lib/galaxy/tool_util/xsd/galaxy.xsd) schema.

## Document auto-formatting

![Demo feature auto-formatting](../assets/feature.autoformat.gif)

When the tool file is saved it gets auto-formatted to maintain a consistent format with the [Galaxy IUC Standards Style Guide](https://galaxy-iuc-standards.readthedocs.io/en/latest/best_practices/tool_xml.html?#coding-style).

## Tag auto-closing

![Demo feature auto-close tags](../assets/autoCloseTag.gif)

> Whenever you write a closing ``>`` the corresponding closing tag will be inserted. You can also type ``/`` in an open tag to close it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you write a closing (``>``), the corresponding closing tag will be inserted. You can also type ``/`` in an open tag to close it.
```

## Snippets

![Demo snippets](../assets/snippets.gif)

Snippets can be really helpful to speed up your tool wrapper development. They allow to quickly create common blocks and let you enter just the important information by pressing ``tab`` and navigating to the next available value.
>If you want to add more snippets check the [guide](./docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#adding-snippets) in the contribution guidelines.

## Embedded syntax highlighting

![Demo feature embedded syntax highlighting](../assets/feature.embedded.syntax.png)

Basic support for `Cheetah` and `reStructuredText` syntax highlighting inside the `<command>`, `<configfile>` and `<help>` tags. The embedded code should be inside a `CDATA` block.

## Auto-generate tests

![Demo feature auto-generate tests](../assets/feature.generate.tests.gif)

> After you define the `<inputs>` and `<outputs>` of the tool, you can press `Ctrl+Alt+t` (or `Cmd+Alt+t` in Mac) to create a `<tests>` section with a basic structure and some test cases. This is especially useful when using conditionals and other nested parameters since you can get right aways most of the bolerplate XML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you define the `<inputs>` and `<outputs>` of the tool, you can press `Ctrl+Alt+t` (or `Cmd+Alt+t` in Mac) to create a `<tests>` section with a basic structure and some test cases. This is especially useful when using conditionals and other nested parameters since you can get right away most of the boilerplate XML.
```
